+++
title = "1.0.2 · Initial Support for Themes"
date = 2022-01-12

[extra]
author = "Xin Liu"
author_github = "livid"
author_twitter = "livid"
+++

On Jan 12's 1.0.2 update, we added support for themes. Now you can select a theme in the settings. The previous default theme is now called "Use device theme (reverse)" because it uses a dark output under light mode. A new theme called "Dracula" is also added.

Today I moved the website build system to Vercel. That is my first-time experience with Vercel, and it is fantastic. Previously I first tried to use Cloudflare Pages to build the site since we already use Cloudflare CDN. However, it took them a manual intervention to enable our domain v2ex.pro for Cloudflare Pages custom domain. I still do not know why. While waiting for their response, I googled and found other [confused and disappointed users](https://community.cloudflare.com/t/custom-domain-at-cloudflare-pages-is-stuck-in-522-error/264490).

So I tried to use GitHub Pages then. But GitHub Pages does not have native support for Zola, the framework I am using for the CodeLauncher website. So I added a GitHub Action for building the website and publishing it to GitHub Pages.

Then I was looking for a solution to redirect www.v2ex.pro and v2ex.pro to cl.v2ex.pro because currently cl.v2ex.pro is the only website under this domain. [Yuheng](https://github.com/xieyuheng) recommended Vercel in the related GitHub issue [#10](https://github.com/v2ex/launcher-website/issues/10) as a straightforward solution for setting up that kind of redirection. And ta-da now the website smoothly runs on Vercel and has all expected redirections.

Comparing the three build solutions I have tried, Vercel provides the best experience overall.

- Cloudflare Pages uses a big image that seemingly includes all the frameworks they can support. It makes building with CF Pages is the slowest. Also, [it cannot work with the latest version of Zola](https://community.cloudflare.com/t/cloudflare-pages-zola-build-fails-glibcxx-3-4-26-not-found/316457/13), and you have to specify an environment variable like ZOLA_VERSION=0.14.0 to use an older version, while as of this writing, the latest version is 0.15.2.
- GitHub Pages natively support Jekyll. But you will need to use an action if you want to use other frameworks. That is probably not a big deal since GH Action is awesome!
- On Vercel, my website build just works. If you need to fine-tune things like the `Cache-Control` header for images, you can do it with a [vercel.json](https://vercel.com/docs/cli#project-configuration/headers) file.
