+++
title = "xcconfig for DEVELOPMENT_TEAM"
date = 2022-01-19

[extra]
author = "Xin Liu"
author_github = "livid"
author_twitter = "livid"
+++

To build and test a Swift app on your macOS, you need to sign in to an account with macOS Developer Program enrolled. That process turns into a configuration field known as `DEVELOPMENT_TEAM` in your project file. So oftentimes, if you git clone a project, you have to change its `DEVELOPMENT_TEAM` before building and testing locally.

But that change would create more problems if every participant used a different DEVELOPMENT_TEAM setting. That is common when working with open source projects. In the initial release of CodeLauncher source code, `DEVEOPMENT_TEAM` is also included in the project file. So we wanted to find a way to simplify this so that every participant will not need to waste time changing these trivial things.

So the method we find is to use `xcconfig` files. The project can include a default file for all the default values:

```
DEVELOPMENT_TEAM = 3SCMMGZXY8
ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER_PREFIX = com.v2ex
CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY = "Developer ID Application"
CODE_SIGN_STYLE = Manual

#include? "local.xcconfig"
```

Then the last line optionally includes another xcconfig file which git ignores. So personal settings can be put in that `local.xcconfig` file. Since git ignores it, it will not touch the default values for the project.

We find that method simple. All you need to do is put your own `DEVELOPMENT_TEAM` and `ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER_PREFIX` in a `local.xcconfig` file.